hi everybody
i am brad one of the co-founders at
unstoppable domains
we are onboarding users to the
decentralized web
uh so just a real quick on what we've
built uh
we have built two blockchain domain
registries these are suites of smart
contracts on
uh on blockchains we have two
registries.crypto and dot zill
we also have a registrar
unstoppabledomains.com
where you can buy domains and manage
domains
and what managing domains means is you
add your crypto addresses to your domain
so they resolve so you've got
brad.crypto you can
send me bitcoin or ethereum or any other
cryptocurrency to my domain name
but you can also add ipfs hashes so if
you go to unstoppabledomains.com
manager you can inside of our ui
add an ipfs hash to a dot crypto or a
dot eth domain
uh sign a message with your private key
and write that uh write that ipfs ipfs
hash the blockchain
uh we also have uh several decentralized
web tools we have
a demo browser with an ipfs node inside
of it
we have a browser extension
we have a template marketplace which is
a
very simple set of tools for
non-technical users to launch ipfs
websites
uh and then we also have uh have
libraries for developers
uh so just very very quick why do we
need a decentralized web
well because domain and hosting
providers can censor
and they do so registrars in the
traditional world like godaddy are
mandatory
custodians of domain names meaning that
they can take them away from you
registries themselves like the owner of
dot com can also revoke domain names
which would take down your website
and then of course hosting services can
take content offline entirely
uh not just off of their platform uh and
so
however decentralized web websites and
alternative well domain names are nfts
so they're stored inside of your wallet
there's no custodian required
uh blockchain domain registries like
unstoppable domains and ens cannot
revoke your domain
and hosting is on ipfs instead of
on centralized hosting servers so
blockchain domains plus ipfs equals
decentralized websites
uh here's a very quick little picture of
our template marketplace
so stats on us so far there's been 270
000 domains registered
there have been 19 000 ipfs websites
launched using our tools
since february uh so this is pretty
exciting most of them are very basic
uh template websites but what we're what
we've been bringing so far
have mostly been users who are
non-technical users there's also some
dap developers and things like that but
our tools are mostly for non-technical
users right now
although much more to come in this area
so
ways to view websites there's the
browser there's extensions and more
coming there's opera browser for android
which dietrich mentioned
and then there's of course a lot more
exciting work
going on with browsers this year
as well as dns resolvers so i think
there's you know at the end of 2020 i
think there's going to be a lot of
different ways
to access access ipfs websites
a couple of websites that are currently
live this is kyber.crypto
uh simple dex uh there's also
myetherwallet.crypto
a fully functioning version of my ether
wallet
i hear some companies that we're working
with
uh one to call out in case anybody
hasn't hasn't played around with it yet
is blockscan launched by etherscan which
is a decentralized search engine that
works right now so it's very cool check
it out
so the main thing that i wanted to talk
about today was some decentralized
website
ideas uh and so internally we've been
talking about you know what are some of
the
you know what do we think are going to
be some very popular use cases uh for
decentralized websites
in the short term and so one that we've
already been seeing
a lot of are defy apps i showed you
uh kyber.crypto there's also
switchio.crypto
so we think there's going to be a lot of
dexes and lending apps and things like
that
launching on ipfs and launching ipfs
very soon
and the value proposition for adap is uh
okay so you have the suite of smart
contracts you have this way for users to
be able to interact
uh directly with your you know with your
product
without having any intermediaries but
then
if you have a non-technical user
somebody that can't interact with your
smart contract
on the command line they have to use
your interface and if your interface
is something that can be taken down by
your domain service or your hosting
service
then you potentially have this this
point of failure at least for your
non-technical users
so if you put your front end on ipfs you
can solve this
problem another category
that hasn't really gotten a lot of
movement yet
that i think should is our video apps
and i'm sure this is going to get a
little bit more exciting once filecoin
is launched and people can pay
a cert for a certain amount of time for
videos to be up
but some things that our community has
been asking for and if there are those
of you out there who are looking to
build something
uh i would take a look at this so a few
things that have been asked for
uh there's a bunch of crypto youtubers
and if any of you have been following
these people
uh youtube has been taking down their
videos and their channels
and when youtube takes down your videos
or your channels
they don't tell you why they just take
it down and then
maybe they pop back up in a few days and
they blame their algorithm
but it's never explained uh it's never
there's no solution at any moment in
time they could just take you down again
and you're off the internet you're
screwed
uh so video content creators that are
talking about crypto are looking for an
alternative and very
very specifically they want a way to
easily upload their content to ipfs
and in a dream world they would love to
use the youtube api
because youtube is uh their place where
they're doing their content uploading
right now
and they want a very easy backup and
youtube api apparently makes this
quite easy for them uh so if you were
looking for
a solution that you wanted to build for
the crypto youtuber audience i think it
would be this
easy upload to ipfs using youtube api
another thing that people are asking for
is video
with a paywall so you can watch my video
pay me a dollar something very simple
like that
uh the last thing and this is the one i
put a star next to
because we've been getting so many
requests for this uh
is a live streaming app a lot a way to
do
video live streaming on ipfs with tips
and there's a lot of reasons why people
in the entertainment industry might want
to use ipfs i won't go
into all of them right now but suffice
to say
it's kova time everyone's singing at
home everyone's bored
musicians are not able to go around and
tour and so they're looking for more
interactive things that they can do
online with their fans and hopefully get
paid
so there's huge demand right now anybody
who wants to build
an ipfs video app please come talk to us
we have grants available and then one
last category
and this is one that i think is quite
simple but also quite cool
uh so dowsed and the reason
why dows are such a great use case for
decentralized websites
is because you can give the dow
the domain name and then the dao can
vote on updates to the ipfs hash
and so what happens as a result of doing
this
is that instead of having currently with
your dns
you have some administrator you have
somebody
at your company who's in charge of the
domain but
if you put the domain inside of a dow
and the dow votes
on updates to the ipfs hash then what
you have is
a website that is controlled by a
community
instead of by a person this is
completely new something that could only
be done on the decentralized web
and if you think about the problem that
dao's have doubts don't want to have
in many cases they don't want to have
one person uh in charge
they don't want to have one person
responsible whether that is
from a practical perspective whether
that's legally whatever the reason
uh and so there's a whole bunch of
projects right now
uh where daos are trying to uh take
their domain names and then
vote on what the websites should be so
anybody out there who has a doubt
anybody out there who wants to build a
dow
uh we're happy to get you a domain uh so
that you can do this
so what are we you know how are we
interacting with the ecosystem right now
we are trying to give out grants for
awesome decentralized websites so
we have a kind of default grant out
there of two thousand dollars for
any uh awesome decentralized website uh
the other thing
that we can do is we can launch your app
to our community so we have uh fifty
thousand email subscribers
uh we have more than a hundred thousand
twitter followers we have a community
of relevant influencers that are excited
to talk about new decentralized web apps
so if you launch a cool decentralized
website whether it's
uh a defy app a video app
or a cool dow doesn't
or something else doesn't really matter
uh if you have cool ideas
let us know let us know how we can help
we're happy to offer a grant we're also
happy to
blast it to the world so here's how you
can get in touch with us
and that's it thanks uh thanks a bunch
to uh
to to molly and dietrich and everybody
else from ipfs for
having us and uh excited to
excited to see uh excited to see what
comes from the community in 2020